# Reference vs. Value

When you pass a value into a function as an argument, one of two things can happen:

- It's passed by **reference**: The function has access to the original value and can change it
- It's passed by **value**: The function only has access to a copy. Changes to the copy within the function don't affect the original

_There is a bit more nuance, but this explanation mostly works._

These types are passed by **reference**:

- Lists
- Dictionaries
- Sets

These types are passed by **value**:

- Integers
- Floats
- Strings
- Booleans
- Tuples

Most collection types are passed by reference (except for tuples) and most primitive types are passed by value.

## Example of Pass by Reference (Mutable)

```py
def modify_list(inner_lst):
    inner_lst.append(4)
    # the original "outer_lst" is updated
    # because inner_lst is a reference to the original

outer_lst = [1, 2, 3]
modify_list(outer_lst)
# outer_lst = [1, 2, 3, 4]
```
## Example of Pass by Value (Immutable)

```py
def attempt_to_modify(inner_num):
    inner_num += 1
    # the original "outer_num" is not updated
    # because inner_num is a copy of the original

outer_num = 1
attempt_to_modify(outer_num)
# outer_num = 1
```

## Assignment

We have a way for Doc2Doc users to set their supported formats in their settings. In memory, we store those settings as a simple dictionary:

```py
settings = {
    "docx": True,
    "pdf": True,
    "txt": False
}
```

Unfortunately, there is a bug in our code! When a new format is added or removed, it not only updates the new dictionary, but it changes the defaults themselves! That's not good. We want to create a _new_ dictionary with the updates, not change the original.

Fix the bug by making `add_format` and `remove_format` pure functions that don't mutate their inputs.

## Tip

Simply assigning a new variable to an existing dictionary doesn't copy that dictionary, it points to the same dictonary. Instead use the [.copy()](https://docs.python.org/3/library/copy.html) method to create a new copy of a dictionary.