# Closures

A [closure](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Closure_\(computer_programming\)) is a function that references variables from outside its own function body. The function definition _and its environment_ are bundled together into a single entity.

Put simply, a closure is just a function that **keeps track of some values** from the place where it was _defined_, no matter where it is executed later on.

## Example

The `concatter()` function returns a function called `doc_builder` (yay higher-order functions!) that has a reference to an _enclosed_ `doc` value.

```py
def concatter():
	doc = ""
	def doc_builder(word):
		# "nonlocal" tells Python to use the 'doc'
		# variable from the enclosing scope
		nonlocal doc
		doc += word + " "
		return doc
	return doc_builder

# save the returned 'doc_builder' function
# to the new function 'harry_potter_aggregator'
harry_potter_aggregator = concatter()
harry_potter_aggregator("Mr.")
harry_potter_aggregator("and")
harry_potter_aggregator("Mrs.")
harry_potter_aggregator("Dursley")
harry_potter_aggregator("of")
harry_potter_aggregator("number")
harry_potter_aggregator("four,")
harry_potter_aggregator("Privet")

print(harry_potter_aggregator("Drive"))
# Mr. and Mrs. Dursley of number four, Privet Drive
```

When `concatter()` is called, it creates a new "stateful" function that _remembers_ the value of its internal `doc` variable. Each successive call to `harry_potter_aggregator` appends to that same `doc`.

## nonlocal

Python has a keyword called [nonlocal](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/simple_stmts.html#nonlocal) that's required to modify a variable from an enclosing scope. Most programming languages don't require this keyword, but Python does.

## Assignment

Doc2Doc keeps track of how many words are in a collection of documents.

Complete the `word_count_aggregator` function. It should return a function that calculates the number of words in its input (`doc`, a string). It should then add that number to an _enclosed_ `count` value and return the new `count`. In other words, it keeps a running total of the `count` variable within a closure.

## Tip

I used [.split()](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#str.split) to count the number of words in the `doc` string.