# Edit Document

Doc2Doc should be able to track changes in documents. Tracking changes is important for undoing and redoing edits. Some editors save changes and some file formats do as well.

## Assignment

Complete the `handle_edit` function. It takes as input a `document` string, an `edit_type` `EditType` enum, and an `edit` dictionary. It should use a match case statement to select the correct operation depending on the `EditType`. Create a function to handle each operation as follows:

### NEWLINE:

Use the `edit` dictionary to modify and return a copy of the `document`. The `edit` dictionary will only contain a `line_number` key and integer value (zero-indexed!). Add a newline `\n` at the end of the line of the document corresponding to the `line_number`.

### SUBSTITUTE:

Use the `edit` dictionary to modify and return a copy of the `document`. The `edit` dictionary will contain a `insert_text` key and string value, a `line_number` key and integer value, a `start` key and integer value and an `end` key and integer value. Substitute the `insert_text` into the line of the document corresponding to the `line_number` between the `start` and `end` indexes.

### INSERT:

Use the `edit` dictionary to modify and return a copy of the `document`. The `edit` dictionary will contain a `insert_text` key and string value, a `line_number` key and integer value, and a `start` key and integer value. Insert the `insert_text` into the line of the document corresponding to the `line_number` at the `start` index.

### DELETE:

Use the `edit` dictionary to modify and return a copy of the `document`. The `edit` dictionary will contain a `line_number` key and integer value, a `start` key and integer value, and an `end` key and integer value. Remove the substring of the line of the document corresponding to the `line_number` between the `start` and `end` indexes.

### Exceptions:

If the `edit_type` is none of the above, raise an `Exception` with the string `"unknown edit type"`.

## Tips

- Take a look at the test cases in the `main_test.py` file tab of the editor to see the input `document`s and `expected_output`s to visualize what is happening for each operation.
- You can reuse the `substitute` function you create by wrapping it with the `insert` and `delete` functions.
- The `line_number` is zero-indexed, so the line numbers start at 0.