# Nested Sum

Recursion is hard for all new developers. If you're struggling, that's okay! Take your time. That's why we're doing a few extra practice problems.

## Assignment

In Doc2Doc, users can process files or _entire directories_. We need to know the _total size_ of those files and directories (measured in bytes).

Due to the nested nature of directories, we represent a root directory as a list of lists. Each list represents a directory, and each number represents the size of a file _in_ that directory. For example, here's a directory that contains 2 files at the root level, then a nested directory with its own two files:

```py
root = [
    1,
    2,
    [3, 4]
]
print(sum_nested_list(root))
# 10
```

Here's a more complex example:

```
root
├── scripts.txt (5 bytes)
├── characters (dir)
│   ├── zuko.txt (6 bytes)
│   └── aang.txt (7 bytes)
└── seasons (dir)
    ├── season1 (dir)
    │   ├── the_avatar_returns.docx (8 bytes)
    │   └── the_southern_air_temple.docx (9 bytes)
    └── season2_notes.txt (10 bytes)

```

Which would be represented as:

```py
root = [
    5,
    [6, 7],
    [[8, 9], 10]
]
print(sum_nested_list(root))
# 45
```

**Complete the `sum_nested_list` function**. It takes a nested list of integers as input and should return the total size of all files in the list. It's a recursive function.

Here's some pseudocode to help you get started:

1. Create an integer variable to keep track of the total size.
2. For each item in the list (use a loop here):
    1. If the item is an integer, add it to the total size.
    2. If the item is a list, use a recursive call to `sum_nested_list` to get the size of that list. Add that size to the total size.
3. Return the total size when you're done iterating.

## Tips

You can use loops with recursion. While functional programming avoids loops, recursion can be used outside functional programming.

You can use the built-in [isinstance](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#isinstance) function to check if an item is an integer or a list:

```py
isinstance(5, list)
# False
isinstance([5, 6], list)
# True
```
