# Escape HTML

You can stack decorators, and you can use currying with decorators.

```py
def to_uppercase(func):
    def wrapper(document):
        return func(document.upper())

    return wrapper

def get_truncate(length):
    def truncate(func):
        def wrapper(document):
            return func(document[:length])

        return wrapper

    return truncate

@to_uppercase
@get_truncate(9) # currying
def print_input(input):
    print(input)

print_input("Keep Calm and Carry On")
# prints: "KEEP CALM"
```

Observe that `to_uppercase` wrapped `get_truncate(9)`, and `get_truncate(9)` returned `truncate` which wrapped `print_input`, then `print_input` printed "KEEP CALM" from "Keep Calm and Carry On".

You might not know anything about HTML. That's fine. This challenge isn't about HTML directly. Just understand that it's a markup language like markdown. Certain characters are interpreted as part of HTML tags. In order to show these characters without interpreting them, they must be encoded as [escape sequences](https://www.w3.org/MarkUp/html-spec/html-spec_9.html#SEC9.7.1). tldr: replace `"<"` with `"&lt;"`.

Doc2Doc needs a feature that can take care of encoding such characters for you. This is particularly helpful if you want to show raw HTML on a vanilla HTML webpage. HTML even has a semantic `<pre>` tag for designating pre-formatted text.

## Assignment

Complete the `replacer` function.

1. It takes as input two strings, `old` and `new`, and returns a function, `replace`.
2. `replace` takes an input function, `decorated_func`, and returns a `wrapper` function.
3. `wrapper` takes as input a string `text`. It uses `.replace()` string method to replace instances of `old` with `new` in the `text`. Then it returns the result of passing the modified `text` to the `decorated_func`.
4. Use a series of the `replacer` function to decorate `tag_pre`. Pass the following pairs of strings to these decorators to encode the escape sequences:

- Replace `"&"` with `"&amp;"`
- Replace `"<"` with `"&lt;"`
- Replace `">"` with `"&gt;"`
- Replace `'"'` with `"&quot;"`
- Replace `"'"` with `"&#x27;"`